Select static from both_libraries in internal dep (#12110)
mesonbuild/meson: docs/markdown/snippets/dep_as_static.md

## Allow the use of static version of `both_libraries` in internal dependencies

Internal dependencies can now choose the static version

> of a `both_libraries` linked library. This allows to use the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of a [[both_libraries]] linked library. This allows to use the same
```

dependency objects for building either a static or a shared library from
the same hierarchy of dependencies.

> `dep` object returned by `internal_depencency` now have `.as_static()` method,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dep` object returned by [[declare_dependency]] now has `.as_static()` method,
```

## `dep.as_static()` and `dep.as_shared()` functions

Internal dependencies can now choose between static and shared version
of a `both_libraries` linked library. This allows to use the same
dependency objects for building either a static or a shared library from
the same hierarchy of dependecies.

> `internal_depencency` now have `.as_static()` and `.as_shared()` methods, to

Reviewer: You mean declare_dependency(), right?

Author: The methods belong to the object returned by `declare_dependency`. Not sure how I should identify it from the documentation point of view...

convert it to a dependency that prefer either version of the linked targets.

Add `prefer_static` keyword to `internal_dependency()`, to set the default
prefered version. Otherwise, uses the `prefer_static` option to select the

> prefered version.

Reviewer: Not sure `prefer_static` is needed. I fear it could cause inconsistent behaviour across projects. Some will decide to prefer static, others don't, and in the end you never know if you're getting a shared or static library when using default_library=both. I prefer keeping it consistent and always prefer shared, and let the user of that dependency choose to use as_static() explicitly.

What do you think?

Reviewer: Note that if we always keep shared by default, then as_shared() is not needed.
